# The-Inspiration-to-Wear-Women-s-Trench-Coats
The trench coat was created as an updated wear for French and British soldiers in World War I. This kind of coat became so popular around the world within a short time. This article is aimed to be your inspiration to pair with it.  1. You can wear it as a casual outfit Put on your plus size women's trench coat as a casual daily wear in fall and winter, which makes you warm and fashionable. It is a popular movement that the celebrities will do at the airport time to time. Whatever you are wearing as a bottom, it will make your look a little bit better usually. A brown or black one that hits mid-thigh often create the most casual effect. A hooded one even looks more casual.  2. You can wrap a long one over another jacket Fall and winter are perfect seasons to wear women's long trench coats for sure. If you worry that the winter might be too chilly that not warm enough, you don't have to wear it on its own. Wearing it over another jacket like a bomber jacket, a cropped fur, or even a denim jacket, then you will feel warm enough then. Put on the long coat outside the inner coat, or the fashion flavor will fade away and just left looking bloated.  3. You can drape it over the shoulder. It is so creative to wear the long coat as a cape by draping them over our shoulders. Fashion leaders just can't get enough of this way on the Fashion Week street style shows. A high-quality trench coat of trending design seems to be made for it.  4. The long one can be worn as a dress too. Wearing a long trench coat as a dress creates a high-end feel, which is super sexy option for ladies. Picking a plus size one with soft fabric that fit your figure well. You will be so eye-catching on the street, just like a celebrity from the magazines.  5. You can add some cool flavor to the evening look with it. Pairing a trench coat with a luxuriant evening dress and outfit is classic since a long time ago. This stylish women's wear can act as a sexy evening skirt or a gown in the feasts, business gatherings or parties. The cool trench coat is going to make your look fancier, a red one is a very first ideal and easy piece.  Be interested in the fashionable women's coats? Stone Island to see the items from choicestore.com
